Add new flexible FV interpolation machinery. (#31974)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/actions/AddFVInterpolationMethodAction.md

# AddFVInterpolationMethodAction

!syntax description /FVInterpolationMethods/AddFVInterpolationMethodAction

Finite volume interpolation objects are specified as objects inside the `[FVInterpolationMethods]` block.
This action adds them to the [Problem](syntax/Problem/index.md). The main responsibility of

> these objects is to compute face values (or face value contributions to a system) from cell center values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these objects is to compute from the cell center values (element and neighbor values):

- face values
- face value contributions to a system matrix and right hand side for an advection term
```
